Jacob Perkins has written a 250-page cookbook full of great recipes for text processing using Python and NLTK, published by Packt Publishing. Some of the royalties are being donated to the NLTK project.
This version finalizes NLTK’s API ahead of the 2.0 release and the publication of the NLTK book. There have been dozens of minor enhancements and bugfixes. Many names of the form nltk.foo.Bar are now available as nltk.Bar. There is expanded functionality in the decision tree, collocations, and Toolbox modules. A new translation toy nltk.misc.babelfish has been added. A new module nltk.help gives access to tagset documentation. Fixed imports so NLTK will build and install without Tkinter (for running on servers). New data includes a maximum entropy chunker model and updated grammars. NLTK Contrib includes updates to the coreference package (Joseph Frazee) and the ISRI Arabic stemmer (Hosam Algasaier). The book has undergone substantial editorial corrections ahead of final publication. For full details see the ChangeLog.
Version 0.9.8 released :February 2009
This version contains a new off-the-shelf tokenizer, POS tagger, and named-entity tagger. A new metrics package includes inter-annotator agreement scores and various distance and word association measures (Tom Lippincott and Joel Nothman). There’s a new collocations package (Joel Nothman). There are many improvements to the WordNet package and browser (Steven Bethard, Jordan Boyd-Graber, Paul Bone), and to the semantics and inference packages (Dan Garrette). The NLTK corpus collection now includes the PE08 Parser Evaluation data, and the CoNLL 2007 Basque and Catalan Dependency Treebanks. We have added an interface for dependency treebanks. Many chapters of the book have been revised in response to feedback from readers. For full details see the ChangeLog. NB some method names have been changed for consistency and simplicity. Use of old names will generate deprecation warnings that indicate the correct name to use.
This version contains fixes to the corpus downloader (see instructions) enabling NLTK corpora to be released independently of the software, and to be stored in compressed format. There are improvements in the grammars, chart parsers, probability distributions, sentence segmenter, text classifiers and RTE classifier. There are many further improvements to the book. For full details see the ChangeLog.
Version 0.9.6 released :December 2008
This version has an incremental corpus downloader (see instructions) enabling NLTK corpora to be released independently of the software. A new WordNet interface has been developed by Steven Bethard (details). NLTK now has support for dependency parsing, developed by Jason Narad (sponsored by Google Summer of Code). There are many enhancements to the semantics and inference packages, contributed by Dan Garrette. The frequency distribution classes have new support for tabulation and plotting. The Brown Corpus reader has human readable category labels instead of letters. A new Swadesh Corpus containing comparative wordlists has been added. NLTK-Contrib includes a TIGERSearch implementation for searching treebanks (Torsten Marek). Most chapters of the book have been substantially revised.
The NLTK Project has moved :November 2008
The NLTK project has moved to Google Sites, Google Code and Google Groups. Content for users and the nltk.org domain is hosted on Google Sites. The home of NLTK development is now Google Code. All discussion lists are at Google Groups. Our old site at nltk.sourceforge.net will continue to be available while we complete this transition. Old releases are still available via our SourceForge release page. We’re grateful to SourceForge for hosting our project since its inception in 2001.
Version 0.9.5 released :August 2008
This version contains several low-level changes to facilitate installation, plus updates to several NLTK-Contrib projects. A new text module gives easy access to text corpora for newcomers to NLP. For full details see the ChangeLog.
A paper on teaching courses using NLTK will be presented at the ACL conference: Multidisciplinary Instruction with the Natural Language Toolkit
Version 0.9.3 released :June 2008
This version contains an improved WordNet? similarity module using pre-built information content files (included in the corpus distribution), new/improved interfaces to Weka, MEGAM and Prover9/Mace4 toolkits, improved Unicode support for corpus readers, a BNC corpus reader, and a rewrite of the Punkt sentence segmenter contributed by Joel Nothman. NLTK-Contrib includes an implementation of incremental algorithm for generating referring expression contributed by Margaret Mitchell. For full details see the ChangeLog.
Google Summer of Code will sponsor two NLTK projects. Jason Narad won funding for a project on dependency parsers in NLTK (mentored by Sebastian Riedel and Jason Baldridge). Petro Verkhogliad won funding for a project on natural language generation in NLTK (mentored by Robert Dale and Edward Loper).
This version contains a new inference module linked to the Prover9/Mace4 theorem-prover and model checker (Dan Garrette, Ewan Klein). It also includes the VerbNet? and PropBank? corpora along with corpus readers. A bug in the Reuters corpus reader has been fixed. NLTK-Contrib includes new work on the WordNet? browser (Jussi Salmela). For full details see the ChangeLog
This version contains new support for accessing text categorization corpora, along with several corpora categorized for topic, genre, question type, or sentiment. It includes several new corpora: Question classification data (Li & Roth), Reuters 21578 Corpus, Movie Reviews corpus (Pang & Lee), Recognising Textual Entailment (RTE) Challenges. NLTK-Contrib includes expanded support for semantics (Dan Garrette), readability scoring (Thomas Jakobsen, Thomas Skardal), and SIL Toolbox (Greg Aumann). The book contains many improvements in early chapters in response to reader feedback. For full details see the ChangeLog.
This version is substantially revised and expanded from version 0.8. The entire toolkit can be accessed via a single import statement “import nltk”, and there is a more convenient naming scheme. Calling deprecated functions generates messages that help programmers update their code. The corpus, tagger, and classifier modules have been redesigned. All functionality of the old NLTK 1.4.3 is now covered by NLTK-Lite 0.9. The book has been revised and expanded. A new data package incorporates the existing corpus collection and contains new sections for pre-specified grammars and pre-computed models. Several new corpora have been added, including treebanks for Portuguese, Spanish, Catalan and Dutch. A Macintosh distribution is provided. For full details see the ChangeLog.
NLTK-Lite 0.9b2 released :September 2007
This version is substantially revised and expanded from version 0.8. The entire toolkit can be accessed via a single import statement “import nltk”, and many common NLP functions accessed directly, e.g. nltk.PorterStemmer?, nltk.ShiftReduceParser?. The corpus, tagger, and classifier modules have been redesigned. The book has been revised and expanded, and the chapters have been reordered. NLTK has a new data package incorporating the existing corpus collection and adding new sections for pre-specified grammars and pre-computed models. The Floresta Portuguese Treebank has been added. Release 0.9b2 fixes several minor problems with 0.9b1 and removes the numpy dependency. It includes a new corpus and corpus reader for Brazilian Portuguese news text (MacMorphy?) and an improved corpus reader for the Sinica Treebank, and a trained model for Portuguese sentence segmentation.
NLTK-Lite 0.9b1 released :August 2007
This version is substantially revised and expanded from version 0.8. The entire toolkit can be accessed via a single import statement “import nltk”, and many common NLP functions accessed directly, e.g. nltk.PorterStemmer?, nltk.ShiftReduceParser?. The corpus, tagger, and classifier modules have been redesigned. The book has been revised and expanded, and the chapters have been reordered. NLTK has a new data package incorporating the existing corpus collection and adding new sections for pre-specified grammars and pre-computed models. The Floresta Portuguese Treebank has been added. For full details see the ChangeLog?.
NLTK talks in São Paulo :August 2007
Steven Bird will present NLTK in a series of talks at the First Brazilian School on Computational Linguistics, at the University of São Paulo in the first week of September.
NLTK talk in Bay Area :July 2007
Steven Bird, Ewan Klein, and Edward Loper will present NLTK at the Bay Area Python Interest Group, at Google on Thursday 12 July.
NLTK-Lite 0.8 released :July 2007
This version is substantially revised and expanded from version 0.7. The code now includes improved interfaces to corpora, chunkers, grammars, frequency distributions, full integration with WordNet? 3.0 and WordNet? similarity measures. The book contains substantial revision of Part I (tokenization, tagging, chunking) and Part II (grammars and parsing). NLTK has several new corpora including the Switchboard Telephone Speech Corpus transcript sample (Talkbank Project), CMU Problem Reports Corpus sample, CONLL2002 POS+NER data, Patient Information Leaflet corpus sample, Indian POS-Tagged data (Bangla, Hindi, Marathi, Telugu), Shakespeare XML corpus sample, and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights corpus with text samples in 300+ languages.
NLTK features in Language Documentation and Conservation article :July 2007
An article Managing Fieldwork Data with Toolbox and the Natural Language Toolkit by Stuart Robinson, Greg Aumann, and Steven Bird appears in the inaugural issue of ‘’Language Documentation and Conservation’‘. It discusses several small Python programs for manipulating field data.
NLTK features in ACM Crossroads article :May 2007
An article Getting Started on Natural Language Processing with Python by Nitin Madnani will appear in ‘’ACM Crossroads’‘, the ACM Student Journal. It discusses NLTK in detail, and provides several helpful examples including an entertaining free word association program.
This release contains new corpora and corpus readers for Indian POS-Tagged data (Bangla, Hindi, Marathi, Telugu), and the Sinica Treebank, and substantial revision of Part II of the book on structured programming, grammars and parsing.
This release contains: new semantic interpretation package (Ewan Klein), new support for SIL Toolbox format (Greg Aumann), new chunking package including cascaded chunking (Steven Bird), new interface to WordNet? 2.1 and Wordnet similarity measures (David Ormiston Smith), new support for Penn Treebank format (Yoav Goldberg), bringing the codebase to 48,000 lines; substantial new chapters on semantic interpretation and chunking, and substantial revisions to several other chapters, bringing the textbook documentation to 280 pages;
NLTK-Lite 0.7b1 released :December 2006
This release contains: new semantic interpretation package (Ewan Klein), new support for SIL Toolbox format (Greg Aumann), new chunking package including cascaded chunking, wordnet package updated for version 2.1 of Wordnet, and prototype wordnet similarity measures (David Ormiston Smith), bringing the codebase to 48,000 lines; substantial new chapters on semantic interpretation and chunking, and substantial revisions to several other chapters, bringing the textbook documentation to 270 pages;
