This just in: did you know there is an orientation to eat an apple that virtually eliminates the core? I've always eaten apples by holding them in their top and bottom indentations with my thumb and forefinger, biting around the circumference, leaving a core that's then composted. But there's a more efficient way to eat the fruit (100% of it minus the seeds):
By eating the apple from the top down (or bottom up), the core is barely discernable. There is a moment when you hit the seeds and simply spit them out or eat them right up, but otherwise, this allows you to eat 100% of the apple. It's still an unnatural approach for me, having spent a lifetime eating them in the other orientation, but the best thing I've found since hearing this advice is how awesome it makes slicing apples for cooking or snacking:
You can actually slice the apple in horizontal slices from top to bottom and only have to core one slice where the seeds appear. Otherwise, the entire apple is useable.
Has anyone else tried this re-orientation of the apple (or is the "new" way actually your old standard)? Tell us how you tackle apples in the comments below!
You Might Also Like
Promoted Stories
Categories
Regina is an architect who lives with her husband and children in Lawrence, KS. As a LEED Accredited Professional and longtime contributor to Apartment Therapy and The Kitchn, her focus is on healthy, sustainable living through design.It all happened early yesterday morning -- I ran up to the fridge in our office just a few short skips away from my desk, pulled an apple from the fruit drawer, and chomped on it as I returned to my seat. Upon the first crunch, my desk-mate Geoff looked up from his computer, and said the inevitable phrase that eventually led to me writing this post: "Dude, you're eating that apple all wrong."
Screw Geoff.
It's an apple. There's one way to eat it, and it's down to the core. DOWN. TO. THE. CORE. Or so I thought.
I peeked out from behind my computer, intent on finding out what miraculous shred of wisdom our content director was set to spew out of his mouth. He stood up from his seat, grabbed the apple from my hand, plucked the stem, and took a bite right through the top of the apple.
In between bites, Geoff managed, "See, eating it from the sides is wasteful. But if you eat it from the top, the core doesn't even exist."
In that moment, Geoff handed the apple back to me. Sure enough, he was nearly halfway through the apple, all without choking on what we normally consider the inedible 'core.' Eating from the top allowed more of the pleasant flesh to encompass the surface of every bite.
It was a moment of epiphany — and one that eventually got the whole office thinking.
The traditional method of eating around "the core" seemed to create a sizable amount of waste. In fact, after doing a mass and volume test, we concluded we were seemingly throwing away anywhere from 15 to 30% of every apple. If you live by the 'apple a day' motto, then apples priced at $1.30/lb. will set you back $137 year, with a waste of $42.
Conclusion? I'm gonna stop eating my apple from left-to-right, and start eating it from top-to-bottom. The only thing I had to spit out were the seeds.
I felt like Neo in the Matrix, and I just stumbled down a rabbit hole, at the bottom of which someone was telling me, "There is no apple core."
I should have just taken the blue pill:
Elie Ayrouth
Elie is a product of Orange County, CA. In early 2012, his dentist diagnosed him with 8 different cavities, three of which on the same tooth, as a result of his 23-year Sour Patch Kid addiction.Main menu
8 Foods You've Been Eating All Wrong
You think you know how to eat an apple, but you're wrong. Back in November, FoodBeast posted a video called “How to Eat an Apple Like a Boss" that went viral. The clip shows that rather than eating an apple from the outside in to the core—which wastes approximately 30 percent of the fruit—people should eat it from the top down. The core simply disappears, allowing for 100 percent consumption of the apple. And apples aren't the only food you're eating wrong. Here are eight others.
1. Pancakes
Drowning your pancakes in syrup is inefficient: The top pancake will be completely soggy, while the middle pancakes are totally dry. The solution: Carve a hole in the middle of your stack before pouring any syrup, which will then distribute more evenly through your pancakes.
2. Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwiches
If you’ve eaten a PB&J, you’ve also probably had a dollop of jelly seep out and land on your table or clothes. But there’s a better way to construct this staple sandwich that stops messy drips: Simply fence the jelly in with peanut butter. Spread as much peanut butter as your heart desires on two slices of bread, then create a taller border with peanut butter on both sides. On one slice, put the jelly in the hole that the border creates, then complete your sandwich.
3. Oranges
If you have a knife handy, opening oranges doesn’t have to be a hassle. Cut small slices off the top and bottom of the orange. Then, cut a slit in the side of the orange. The orange should unroll, leaving a nice row of slices.
4. Pomegranates
This fruit is way less difficult to seed if you use a bowl of water. First, cut the fruit in half. Then, submerge the fruit in cold water and pull the fruit apart, releasing the seeds with minimal mess. The unwanted membrane, which holds the seeds, will even rise to the top of the water.
5. Pistachios
[Image credit: Thinkstock]
Never break a nail trying to open a sealed pistachio again—just use another pistachio shell to separate the nut that’s hard to crack.
6. Cupcakes
Think there’s no way to eat a cupcake without getting frosting on your nose? Think again. Get rid of that pesky wrapper, slice about half of the bottom off the cupcake, then make a frosting sandwich out of the two slices. With that delicious gob of frosting safely in between two pieces of cake, the odds of frosting all over your face will be minimized. A fork might also solve this problem, but it’s way less fun.
7. Hard-Shell Tacos
Hard-shell tacos tend to fall apart, leaving too many meat and cheese casualties. But wrapping a tortilla around the taco will help. The food that would normally just fall will be caught by the protective tortilla. You can make this more binding with a layer of refried beans in between the tortilla and the taco shell.
8. Bananas
Most people start peeling from the end with the longer stem. But if you peel from the bottom, it will be easier and the banana will contain fewer stringy pieces. This is also the way that monkeys open their bananas, so you know it’s right.
&amp;nbsp;
Also on Mental Floss:
DID YOU KNOW? Marlon Brando hated memorizing lines so much that he posted cue cards everywhere to help him get through scenes. He even asked for lines to be written on an actress's posterior. (That request was denied.)