---------- down ----------
NOUN --> Still Andrena will do a reasonably good job , so that an animal with a full pollen load looks like a gay little piece of yellow down floating in the wind .
ADP --> Assuming the weather is halfway decent that day , hundreds of thousands of persons will mass along this thoroughfare as President John F. Kennedy and retiring President Dwight D. Eisenhower leave Capitol Hill following the oath-taking ceremonies and ride down this historic ceremonial route .
PRT --> Daniel personally led the fight for the measure , which he had watered down considerably since its rejection by two previous Legislatures , in a public hearing before the House Committee on Revenue and Taxation .
VERB --> The Department of Agriculture averaged out U.S. food consumption last year at 1,488 lbs. per person , which , allowing for the 17 million Americans that John Kennedy said go to bed hungry every night , means that certain gluttons on the upper end must somehow down 8 lbs. or more a day .
X --> Recently we introduced you to Matt Jones a dude in a hairnet who can chop up an entire watermelon in 21 seconds ( and keep all ten of his fingers ) . But as exciting as melon dicing can be this fruit video ( above ) is even more breathtaking . OK maybe we 're going overboard by suggesting it 'll take your breath away but the above video does illustrate how to consume an apple the less wasteful eating all of it core and all . The traditional style of apple eating the video explains can waste up to a third of the super fruit . We 're all for reducing food waste but how does a person eat an entire apple without needing a whole container of floss to clean up the aftermath ? The video pretty much speaks for itself but all the regular apple consumer must do is chomp completely top to of right to left . Say what ? ! Produced by food news mavens Foodbeast the clip explains that eating an apple around its core is simply wrong . How dare you . When Foodbeast writer Elie Ayrouth eats the apple vertically its core becomes virtually non-existant . This hack is n't super revolutionary ( and we ca n't promise you wo n't grow an apple tree inside of you ) but it 's totally worth sharing with all those daring noshers out there . You think you know how to eat an apple but you 're wrong . Back in November FoodBeast posted a video called to Eat an Apple Like a Boss '' that went viral . The clip shows that rather than eating an apple from the outside in to the wastes approximately 30 percent of the should eat it from the top down . The core simply disappears allowing for 100 percent consumption of the apple . And apples are n't the only food you 're eating wrong . Here are eight others . Drowning your pancakes in syrup is inefficient : The top pancake will be completely soggy while the middle pancakes are totally dry . The solution : Carve a hole in the middle of your stack before pouring any syrup which will then distribute more evenly through your pancakes . If eaten a PB & J also probably had a dollop of jelly seep out and land on your table or clothes . But a better way to construct this staple sandwich that stops messy drips : Simply fence the jelly in with peanut butter . Spread as much peanut butter as your heart desires on two slices of bread then create a taller border with peanut butter on both sides . On one slice put the jelly in the hole that the border creates then complete your sandwich . If you have a knife handy opening oranges have to be a hassle . Cut small slices off the top and bottom of the orange . Then cut a slit in the side of the orange . The orange should unroll leaving a nice row of slices . This fruit is way less difficult to seed if you use a bowl of water . First cut the fruit in half . Then submerge the fruit in cold water and pull the fruit apart releasing the seeds with minimal mess . The unwanted membrane which holds the seeds will even rise to the top of the water . Never break a nail trying to open a sealed pistachio use another pistachio shell to separate the nut hard to crack . Think no way to eat a cupcake without getting frosting on your nose ? Think again . Get rid of that pesky wrapper slice about half of the bottom off the cupcake then make a frosting sandwich out of the two slices . With that delicious gob of frosting safely in between two pieces of cake the odds of frosting all over your face will be minimized . A fork might also solve this problem but way less fun . Hard-shell tacos tend to fall apart leaving too many meat and cheese casualties . But wrapping a tortilla around the taco will help . The food that would normally just fall will be caught by the protective tortilla . You can make this more binding with a layer of refried beans in between the tortilla and the taco shell . Most people start peeling from the end with the longer stem . But if you peel from the bottom it will be easier and the banana will contain fewer stringy pieces . This is also the way that monkeys open their bananas so you know right . DID YOU KNOW ? Marlon Brando hated memorizing lines so much that he posted cue cards everywhere to help him get through scenes . He even asked for lines to be written on an actress 's posterior .
ADJ --> Terms range from one to five years and the interest rates and down payments run about the same as for automobiles .

---------- round ----------
ADV --> The gardens themselves are open free of charge the year round , and the 192 permanent employes make sure that not a dead or wilted flower is ever seen indoors or out by any visitor .
NOUN --> W. Averell Harriman of the United States , Malcolm MacDonald of Britain , Maurice Couve De Murville , France's Foreign Minister , and Howard C. Green , Canada's Minister of External Affairs , concluded , meanwhile , a round of consultations here on future tactics in the conference .
VERB --> Bill Jr. , 20 , Kathy , 15 , and Patricia , 9 , round out the Shea family .
ADJ --> `` It was a nice round figure , that 12 '' , he said as he headed for the clubhouse , not too much perturbed .
ADP --> He is a parent with a child to nurture , here and now , and he is an educator who worries about the children half way round the world .

---------- damn ----------
ADV --> I was the first to get my squad on the ball , and anybody thinkin it was easy is pretty damn dumb .
PRT --> I'm sending you a couple of customers -- yeah -- just get them out of my hair and keep them out -- I don't give a damn what you tell them -- only don't believe a word they say -- they're out to make trouble for me and it is up to you to stop them -- I don't care how -- and one more thing -- Cate's Cafe closed at eleven like always last night and Rose and Clarence Corsi left for Quebec yesterday -- some shrine or other -- I think it was called Saint Simon's -- yeah , yesterday .
VERB --> A fellow came up to me , a Senator , I don't have to tell you his name , and he told me , ' I love the President like a brother , but God damn it , he's crucifying me .
ADJ --> Why didn't the damn Reactionaries bump him off ? ?
NOUN --> Not that he gave a damn what the grapevine sent out about Killpath's little speech on the comportment of platoon commanders .

---------- out ----------
ADV --> He ordered his editors to tone down on sensationalism and to refrain from using such words as `` seduction '' , `` rape '' , `` abortion '' , `` criminal assault '' and `` born out of wedlock '' .
PRT --> In the Blue Ridge meeting , the audience was warned that entering a candidate for governor would force it to take petitions out into voting precincts to obtain the signatures of registered voters .
DET --> `` Our interior line and out linebackers played exceptionally well '' , said Stram Monday after he and his staff reviewed movies of the game .
ADP --> Bellows made the request while the all-woman jury was out of the courtroom .
X --> Recently we introduced you to Matt Jones a dude in a hairnet who can chop up an entire watermelon in 21 seconds ( and keep all ten of his fingers ) . But as exciting as melon dicing can be this fruit video ( above ) is even more breathtaking . OK maybe we 're going overboard by suggesting it 'll take your breath away but the above video does illustrate how to consume an apple the less wasteful eating all of it core and all . The traditional style of apple eating the video explains can waste up to a third of the super fruit . We 're all for reducing food waste but how does a person eat an entire apple without needing a whole container of floss to clean up the aftermath ? The video pretty much speaks for itself but all the regular apple consumer must do is chomp completely top to of right to left . Say what ? ! Produced by food news mavens Foodbeast the clip explains that eating an apple around its core is simply wrong . How dare you . When Foodbeast writer Elie Ayrouth eats the apple vertically its core becomes virtually non-existant . This hack is n't super revolutionary ( and we ca n't promise you wo n't grow an apple tree inside of you ) but it 's totally worth sharing with all those daring noshers out there . You think you know how to eat an apple but you 're wrong . Back in November FoodBeast posted a video called to Eat an Apple Like a Boss '' that went viral . The clip shows that rather than eating an apple from the outside in to the wastes approximately 30 percent of the should eat it from the top down . The core simply disappears allowing for 100 percent consumption of the apple . And apples are n't the only food you 're eating wrong . Here are eight others . Drowning your pancakes in syrup is inefficient : The top pancake will be completely soggy while the middle pancakes are totally dry . The solution : Carve a hole in the middle of your stack before pouring any syrup which will then distribute more evenly through your pancakes . If eaten a PB & J also probably had a dollop of jelly seep out and land on your table or clothes . But a better way to construct this staple sandwich that stops messy drips : Simply fence the jelly in with peanut butter . Spread as much peanut butter as your heart desires on two slices of bread then create a taller border with peanut butter on both sides . On one slice put the jelly in the hole that the border creates then complete your sandwich . If you have a knife handy opening oranges have to be a hassle . Cut small slices off the top and bottom of the orange . Then cut a slit in the side of the orange . The orange should unroll leaving a nice row of slices . This fruit is way less difficult to seed if you use a bowl of water . First cut the fruit in half . Then submerge the fruit in cold water and pull the fruit apart releasing the seeds with minimal mess . The unwanted membrane which holds the seeds will even rise to the top of the water . Never break a nail trying to open a sealed pistachio use another pistachio shell to separate the nut hard to crack . Think no way to eat a cupcake without getting frosting on your nose ? Think again . Get rid of that pesky wrapper slice about half of the bottom off the cupcake then make a frosting sandwich out of the two slices . With that delicious gob of frosting safely in between two pieces of cake the odds of frosting all over your face will be minimized . A fork might also solve this problem but way less fun . Hard-shell tacos tend to fall apart leaving too many meat and cheese casualties . But wrapping a tortilla around the taco will help . The food that would normally just fall will be caught by the protective tortilla . You can make this more binding with a layer of refried beans in between the tortilla and the taco shell . Most people start peeling from the end with the longer stem . But if you peel from the bottom it will be easier and the banana will contain fewer stringy pieces . This is also the way that monkeys open their bananas so you know right . DID YOU KNOW ? Marlon Brando hated memorizing lines so much that he posted cue cards everywhere to help him get through scenes . He even asked for lines to be written on an actress 's posterior .

---------- inside ----------
ADV --> But we are to believe that Lindemann actively supported radar outside the Tizard Committee , and dissembling , discounted it inside ? ?
NOUN --> City Controller Alexander Hemphill charged Tuesday that the bids on the Frankford Elevated repair project were rigged to the advantage of a private contracting company which had `` an inside track '' with the city .
ADJ --> Measurements for rectangular pattern piece A are obtained by measuring inside circumference and depth of butter mold bowl .
ADP --> The Secretary of State himself , in his first speech , gave some idea of the tremendous march of events inside and outside the United States that has preoccupied the new administration in the past four months .
X --> Recently we introduced you to Matt Jones a dude in a hairnet who can chop up an entire watermelon in 21 seconds ( and keep all ten of his fingers ) . But as exciting as melon dicing can be this fruit video ( above ) is even more breathtaking . OK maybe we 're going overboard by suggesting it 'll take your breath away but the above video does illustrate how to consume an apple the less wasteful eating all of it core and all . The traditional style of apple eating the video explains can waste up to a third of the super fruit . We 're all for reducing food waste but how does a person eat an entire apple without needing a whole container of floss to clean up the aftermath ? The video pretty much speaks for itself but all the regular apple consumer must do is chomp completely top to of right to left . Say what ? ! Produced by food news mavens Foodbeast the clip explains that eating an apple around its core is simply wrong . How dare you . When Foodbeast writer Elie Ayrouth eats the apple vertically its core becomes virtually non-existant . This hack is n't super revolutionary ( and we ca n't promise you wo n't grow an apple tree inside of you ) but it 's totally worth sharing with all those daring noshers out there . You think you know how to eat an apple but you 're wrong . Back in November FoodBeast posted a video called to Eat an Apple Like a Boss '' that went viral . The clip shows that rather than eating an apple from the outside in to the wastes approximately 30 percent of the should eat it from the top down . The core simply disappears allowing for 100 percent consumption of the apple . And apples are n't the only food you 're eating wrong . Here are eight others . Drowning your pancakes in syrup is inefficient : The top pancake will be completely soggy while the middle pancakes are totally dry . The solution : Carve a hole in the middle of your stack before pouring any syrup which will then distribute more evenly through your pancakes . If eaten a PB & J also probably had a dollop of jelly seep out and land on your table or clothes . But a better way to construct this staple sandwich that stops messy drips : Simply fence the jelly in with peanut butter . Spread as much peanut butter as your heart desires on two slices of bread then create a taller border with peanut butter on both sides . On one slice put the jelly in the hole that the border creates then complete your sandwich . If you have a knife handy opening oranges have to be a hassle . Cut small slices off the top and bottom of the orange . Then cut a slit in the side of the orange . The orange should unroll leaving a nice row of slices . This fruit is way less difficult to seed if you use a bowl of water . First cut the fruit in half . Then submerge the fruit in cold water and pull the fruit apart releasing the seeds with minimal mess . The unwanted membrane which holds the seeds will even rise to the top of the water . Never break a nail trying to open a sealed pistachio use another pistachio shell to separate the nut hard to crack . Think no way to eat a cupcake without getting frosting on your nose ? Think again . Get rid of that pesky wrapper slice about half of the bottom off the cupcake then make a frosting sandwich out of the two slices . With that delicious gob of frosting safely in between two pieces of cake the odds of frosting all over your face will be minimized . A fork might also solve this problem but way less fun . Hard-shell tacos tend to fall apart leaving too many meat and cheese casualties . But wrapping a tortilla around the taco will help . The food that would normally just fall will be caught by the protective tortilla . You can make this more binding with a layer of refried beans in between the tortilla and the taco shell . Most people start peeling from the end with the longer stem . But if you peel from the bottom it will be easier and the banana will contain fewer stringy pieces . This is also the way that monkeys open their bananas so you know right . DID YOU KNOW ? Marlon Brando hated memorizing lines so much that he posted cue cards everywhere to help him get through scenes . He even asked for lines to be written on an actress 's posterior .

---------- open ----------
ADV --> By leaving our doors open the United States gives other peoples the opportunity to see us and to compare , he said .
ADJ --> Dumont spoke on the merit of having an open primary .
VERB --> -- Engaging mature , experienced men to pioneer or open new churches in strategic population centers .
NOUN --> The world's best golfer , shooting below par , came to the last hole of the opening round of the Los Angeles open with every intention of delivering a final crusher .
X --> Recently we introduced you to Matt Jones a dude in a hairnet who can chop up an entire watermelon in 21 seconds ( and keep all ten of his fingers ) . But as exciting as melon dicing can be this fruit video ( above ) is even more breathtaking . OK maybe we 're going overboard by suggesting it 'll take your breath away but the above video does illustrate how to consume an apple the less wasteful eating all of it core and all . The traditional style of apple eating the video explains can waste up to a third of the super fruit . We 're all for reducing food waste but how does a person eat an entire apple without needing a whole container of floss to clean up the aftermath ? The video pretty much speaks for itself but all the regular apple consumer must do is chomp completely top to of right to left . Say what ? ! Produced by food news mavens Foodbeast the clip explains that eating an apple around its core is simply wrong . How dare you . When Foodbeast writer Elie Ayrouth eats the apple vertically its core becomes virtually non-existant . This hack is n't super revolutionary ( and we ca n't promise you wo n't grow an apple tree inside of you ) but it 's totally worth sharing with all those daring noshers out there . You think you know how to eat an apple but you 're wrong . Back in November FoodBeast posted a video called to Eat an Apple Like a Boss '' that went viral . The clip shows that rather than eating an apple from the outside in to the wastes approximately 30 percent of the should eat it from the top down . The core simply disappears allowing for 100 percent consumption of the apple . And apples are n't the only food you 're eating wrong . Here are eight others . Drowning your pancakes in syrup is inefficient : The top pancake will be completely soggy while the middle pancakes are totally dry . The solution : Carve a hole in the middle of your stack before pouring any syrup which will then distribute more evenly through your pancakes . If eaten a PB & J also probably had a dollop of jelly seep out and land on your table or clothes . But a better way to construct this staple sandwich that stops messy drips : Simply fence the jelly in with peanut butter . Spread as much peanut butter as your heart desires on two slices of bread then create a taller border with peanut butter on both sides . On one slice put the jelly in the hole that the border creates then complete your sandwich . If you have a knife handy opening oranges have to be a hassle . Cut small slices off the top and bottom of the orange . Then cut a slit in the side of the orange . The orange should unroll leaving a nice row of slices . This fruit is way less difficult to seed if you use a bowl of water . First cut the fruit in half . Then submerge the fruit in cold water and pull the fruit apart releasing the seeds with minimal mess . The unwanted membrane which holds the seeds will even rise to the top of the water . Never break a nail trying to open a sealed pistachio use another pistachio shell to separate the nut hard to crack . Think no way to eat a cupcake without getting frosting on your nose ? Think again . Get rid of that pesky wrapper slice about half of the bottom off the cupcake then make a frosting sandwich out of the two slices . With that delicious gob of frosting safely in between two pieces of cake the odds of frosting all over your face will be minimized . A fork might also solve this problem but way less fun . Hard-shell tacos tend to fall apart leaving too many meat and cheese casualties . But wrapping a tortilla around the taco will help . The food that would normally just fall will be caught by the protective tortilla . You can make this more binding with a layer of refried beans in between the tortilla and the taco shell . Most people start peeling from the end with the longer stem . But if you peel from the bottom it will be easier and the banana will contain fewer stringy pieces . This is also the way that monkeys open their bananas so you know right . DID YOU KNOW ? Marlon Brando hated memorizing lines so much that he posted cue cards everywhere to help him get through scenes . He even asked for lines to be written on an actress 's posterior .

---------- to ----------
ADV --> He suggested offering half to Sir Edward , fearing lest `` he shall thinke it to good for us and procure it for himselfe , as he served us the last time '' .
PRT --> The September-October term jury had been charged by Fulton Superior Court Judge Durwood Pye to investigate reports of possible `` irregularities '' in the hard-fought primary which was won by Mayor-nominate Ivan Allen Jr. .
NOUN --> Also noted are the marriages of Elizabeth Browning , daughter of the George L. Brownings , to Austin C. Smith Jr. ; ;
ADP --> It recommended that Fulton legislators act `` to have these laws studied and revised to the end of modernizing and improving them '' .
X --> As the field on which my tent was pitched was a favorite natural playground for the kids of the neighborhood , I had made many friends among them , taking part in their after-school games and trying desperately to translate Grimm's Fairy Tales into an understandable French as we gathered around the fire in front of the tent .

---------- well ----------
ADV --> The grand jury commented on a number of other topics , among them the Atlanta and Fulton County purchasing departments which it said `` are well operated and follow generally accepted practices which inure to the best interest of both governments '' .
ADJ --> The Pirates jumped off to an 11-3 start by May 1 last year , when the Redbirds as well as the Dodgers held them even over the season .
VERB --> Then I have seen the pride of country well in the eyes of these young people .
NOUN --> He would rise in the well of the House , his chin upon his chest , his hands gripping the side of a desk , and the political and legislative chatter would subside into silence .
PRT --> If most of them weren't exactly specific -- well , that's the way it is in life , I guess .

---------- outside ----------
ADV --> But they are aware of the world outside , they court public approval , they delight in full houses , and they occasionally dare to experiment in interpreting a dramatic classic .
ADJ --> `` Mom '' Marr , as the more than 80 men at the center call her , is the link that helps to bridge the gulf between alcoholics and the outside world and between parolees and society .
NOUN --> The problem is not merely that more `` outside teachers '' are needed but that a different brand is called for .
ADP --> Karns said it was a `` wrongful act '' for Wexler to take statements `` privately and outside of the grand jury room '' .
X --> Recently we introduced you to Matt Jones a dude in a hairnet who can chop up an entire watermelon in 21 seconds ( and keep all ten of his fingers ) . But as exciting as melon dicing can be this fruit video ( above ) is even more breathtaking . OK maybe we 're going overboard by suggesting it 'll take your breath away but the above video does illustrate how to consume an apple the less wasteful eating all of it core and all . The traditional style of apple eating the video explains can waste up to a third of the super fruit . We 're all for reducing food waste but how does a person eat an entire apple without needing a whole container of floss to clean up the aftermath ? The video pretty much speaks for itself but all the regular apple consumer must do is chomp completely top to of right to left . Say what ? ! Produced by food news mavens Foodbeast the clip explains that eating an apple around its core is simply wrong . How dare you . When Foodbeast writer Elie Ayrouth eats the apple vertically its core becomes virtually non-existant . This hack is n't super revolutionary ( and we ca n't promise you wo n't grow an apple tree inside of you ) but it 's totally worth sharing with all those daring noshers out there . You think you know how to eat an apple but you 're wrong . Back in November FoodBeast posted a video called to Eat an Apple Like a Boss '' that went viral . The clip shows that rather than eating an apple from the outside in to the wastes approximately 30 percent of the should eat it from the top down . The core simply disappears allowing for 100 percent consumption of the apple . And apples are n't the only food you 're eating wrong . Here are eight others . Drowning your pancakes in syrup is inefficient : The top pancake will be completely soggy while the middle pancakes are totally dry . The solution : Carve a hole in the middle of your stack before pouring any syrup which will then distribute more evenly through your pancakes . If eaten a PB & J also probably had a dollop of jelly seep out and land on your table or clothes . But a better way to construct this staple sandwich that stops messy drips : Simply fence the jelly in with peanut butter . Spread as much peanut butter as your heart desires on two slices of bread then create a taller border with peanut butter on both sides . On one slice put the jelly in the hole that the border creates then complete your sandwich . If you have a knife handy opening oranges have to be a hassle . Cut small slices off the top and bottom of the orange . Then cut a slit in the side of the orange . The orange should unroll leaving a nice row of slices . This fruit is way less difficult to seed if you use a bowl of water . First cut the fruit in half . Then submerge the fruit in cold water and pull the fruit apart releasing the seeds with minimal mess . The unwanted membrane which holds the seeds will even rise to the top of the water . Never break a nail trying to open a sealed pistachio use another pistachio shell to separate the nut hard to crack . Think no way to eat a cupcake without getting frosting on your nose ? Think again . Get rid of that pesky wrapper slice about half of the bottom off the cupcake then make a frosting sandwich out of the two slices . With that delicious gob of frosting safely in between two pieces of cake the odds of frosting all over your face will be minimized . A fork might also solve this problem but way less fun . Hard-shell tacos tend to fall apart leaving too many meat and cheese casualties . But wrapping a tortilla around the taco will help . The food that would normally just fall will be caught by the protective tortilla . You can make this more binding with a layer of refried beans in between the tortilla and the taco shell . Most people start peeling from the end with the longer stem . But if you peel from the bottom it will be easier and the banana will contain fewer stringy pieces . This is also the way that monkeys open their bananas so you know right . DID YOU KNOW ? Marlon Brando hated memorizing lines so much that he posted cue cards everywhere to help him get through scenes . He even asked for lines to be written on an actress 's posterior .

---------- that ----------
ADV --> While the city council suggested that the Legislative Council might perform the review , Mr. Notte said that instead he will take up the matter with Atty. Gen. J. Joseph Nugent to get `` the benefit of his views '' .
PRON --> Regarding Atlanta's new multi-million-dollar airport , the jury recommended `` that when the new management takes charge Jan. 1 the airport be operated in a manner that will eliminate political influences '' .
DET --> `` Actually , the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county , altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court '' , said Karns , who is a City judge in East St. Louis sitting in Cook County court .
ADP --> The Fulton County Grand Jury said Friday an investigation of Atlanta's recent primary election produced `` no evidence '' that any irregularities took place .
X --> Thus , as a development program is being launched , commitments and obligations must be entered into in a given year which may exceed by twofold or threefold the expenditures to be made in that year .

